welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the guest
spencer and laura peterson with their
children luke and
anna are coping with the loss of their
eldest son
caleb to the war in afghanistan
they are visited by david collins a
former army sergeant who claims he was
caleb's best friend
he tells the family he wanted to visit
them as a way to help caleb take care of
them
he is polite and friendly and laura
invites him to stay as long as he wishes
david hears of spencer's troubles at
work and he sees luke return home with a
bruise on his face
caused by bullies at school the next day
david and luke follow the bullies to a
bar where david assaults all of them
he then uses his knowledge of the law as
well as a bribe
to convince the bartender not to tell
anyone
that evening david goes to a party with
a reluctant anna
where he makes a good impression with
her friends and later saves her friend
kristen from her violent ex-boyfriend
david and kristen have sex then david
asks anna's friend craig where he can
buy a gun
on their way home anna offers to make
david a mixed cd
david gives luke advice on dealing with
bullies and gives him his butterfly
knife
he meets craig and his friend to buy the
gun but kills them and steals their
weapons
when a suspicious anna calls the
military base to ask about david
she is told that he presumably died a
week earlier
the call alerts a private corporation
called the kpg
headed by major carver who assembles a
special forces team and heads for
peterson's home
anna then learns about craig's death and
that her boyfriend zeke has been blamed
for it
it is revealed that spencer's boss died
under mysterious circumstances
giving spencer the promotion he always
wanted
anna asks luke to research the numbers
david has called on his phone
at school one of the bullies assaults
luke again
but he fights back after they are both
sent to the principal's office
david arrives and coerces the principal
to give luke a month of after-school
detention
and threatens litigation if the
principal expels him
luke tells david of anna's suspicions
but promises not to investigate any
further or tell anyone
else while david helps laura with the
laundry
major carver's team attacked the house
but david kills all of them
except for carver realizing his cover
has been blown
david kills laura he then drives away
and kills spencer as well carver picks
up anna and
informs her of her parents death
he reveals that david was a test subject
in a military medical experiment and was
programmed to kill anyone who might
compromise his identity
and is unlikely to stop himself
meanwhile david kills kristen and
destroys the restaurant where she works
he goes to the school to kill luke
carver and anna arrive at the school
before david
and enter a haunted house set up for the
halloween dance
david turns off the lights and plays
anna's mix cd
then kills luke's teacher and carver
anna shoots david with carver's gun
but david stabs her in the leg and
attempts to choke her as the gun
misfires and damages a light
starting a fire luke stabs david with
the butterfly knife
which frees anna david tells luke that
he did the right thing and gives him a
thumbs up before collapsing
sitting in an ambulance anna and luke
overhear the firefighters that only
two corpses were recovered as several
firefighters exit the school
anna notices one of them as limping he
turns to face her
and it is david using the guys to
quietly escape the scene
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you